RHDEVDOCS-3358 - new content for dex and keycloak (#39282)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-creating-a-new-client-in-dex.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-on-openshift

> 

Reviewer: Missing ID

= Enabling the Dex openshift OAuth Connector

> Dex uses the users and groups defined within OpenShift by querying the platform provided `OAuth` server.

Reviewer 2: I'm not exactly sure what `querying` is supposed to convey here. This is how I understand the sentence, am I right? 

`Dex uses the users and groups defined within OpenShift and confirms these users and groups by checking the platform provided OAuth server.`

If I am right with this understanding, please consider a similar rephrase to be clearer.

Author: @jc-berger not sure about the confirm part since in the developer docs it is not mentioned. But changed "querying" to "checking"

> Dex uses the users and groups defined within OpenShift by checking the platform provided `OAuth` server. See the following properties of Dex:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Dex uses the users and groups defined within OpenShift by checking the `OAuth` server provided by the platform. See the following properties of Dex:
```
- The 1st sentence has awkward syntax. Reword.
- The second sentence should be rephrased. It doesn't really properly introduce the bulleted list because a user can't `see` properties. What do you want to communicate to users about the list? Maybe something like `You can configure the following properties of Dex:` or something similar.

> 

Reviewer: Add the YAML code snippet under this paragraph and convert the bullet points into callouts for the YAML.

> . The `openShiftOAuth` property is used to trigger the Operator to auto configure the built-in OpenShift `OAuth` server.

Reviewer 2: Is this a procedure? I'm thinking yes since the steps are numbered. If it is, then I would include a `Procedure` heading like you did for `Configuring SSO for Argo CD using Keycloak.`

I would also make the steps action oriented for users. See my suggestions below.

Reviewer 2: Use the `openShiftOAuth` property to trigger the Operator to auto configure the built-in OpenShift `OAuth` server. 

Also, should it be `OpenShiftOAuth`? Please confirm as it surprises me that the S is capitalized but not the O.

> * Use the `OpenShiftOAuth` property to trigger the Operator to auto configure the built-in OpenShift `OAuth` server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `OpenShiftOAuth` property to trigger the Operator to automatically configure the built-in OpenShift `OAuth` server.
```
Spell out `auto`

> . The `groups` property is used to mandate the users to be part of one or all the groups in the groups list.

Reviewer 2: Use the `openShiftOAuth` property to trigger the Operator to auto configure the built-in OpenShift `OAuth` server. 

Also, should it be `OpenShiftOAuth`? Please confirm as it surprises me that the S is capitalized but not the O.

> * Use the `groups` property to mandate the users to be part of one or all the groups in the groups list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `groups` property to assign users to one group or all groups in the groups list.
```
- `mandate` is not the right word here.

> . The `RBAC Policy` property is used to give the admin role in the Argo CD cluster to users in the OpenShift cluster-admins group.

Reviewer 2: `Use the `RBAC Policy` to give the admin role in the Argo CD cluster to users in the OpenShift cluster-admins group.`

> * Use the `RBAC Policy` property to give the admin role in the Argo CD cluster to users in the OpenShift cluster-admins group.

Reviewer 2: Colon at the end of this bullet point.

> * Use the `RBAC Policy` property to give the admin role in the Argo CD cluster to users in the OpenShift cluster-admins group:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `RBAC Policy` property to assign the admin role in the Argo CD cluster to users in the OpenShift `cluster-admins` group:
```

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-on-openshift

> [Dex is used to delegate authentication to external identity providers like GitHub, SAML and others. To configure the SSO of Argo CD update the Argo CD CR with Dex link:https://dexidp.io/docs/connectors/[connector] settings.

Reviewer 4: As already discussed this should be removed.

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-on-openshift

[id="creating-a-new-client-in-dex_{context}"]
= Creating a new client in Dex

> Dex is used to delegate authentication to external identity providers like GitHub, SAML and others. To configure the SSO of Argo CD update the Argo CD CR with Dex link:https://dexidp.io/docs/connectors/[connector] settings.

Reviewer 4: Please remove this line. We don't support Dex, we just support the Dex OpenShift connector.

> = Updating the Dex openshift OAuth Connector

Reviewer 4: Please mention this as just "Dex openshift OAuth Connector" or "Enabling Dex openshift OAuth Connector"
